Added guiding instructions for building Mandrel on macOS (#343)
graalvm/mandrel-packaging: README.md

```shell
rm -rf /tmp/java_step
```

> ## Building mandrelJDK on a Mac
> 
> Mandrel can be built on a Mac using a supported JDK that contains static libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Building mandrelJDK on a Mac using a custom build of OpenJDK

Mandrel can be built on a Mac using a custom build of OpenJDK that contains static libraries.
```
